When working on projects, you can link them to the day. You can both sort by day as by project by linking. Searching for pipex would therefore give the same result as when searching for the days on which we were working on said projects. The benefit now being an overarching view of when we were working on said projects. If we for example learn something way later on and decide to implement it with stuff we aready wrote (either improving it or using it for another project) we can see what that project has done to us over time.

Not sure how to do that though. It might be possible using Obsidian but somewhere, I have a hunch that we could do something like this ourselves. All I need is a script that reads the tags. We don't have to read the entire file. Just the tag that states either what projects could be related. For example; For our pipex project, we use could use an upgraded version of our own libft, so we could have a small header maybe, on each file that states (perhaps already on the first line).

Then, we log our files simply by date. This way, we have physical acces to our previous commits. We are not allowed to change previous code, however we can copy it to the present day and add a tag that connects it to the projectand also allows us to see what we changed. This might be nice 

We could have our updated version always online on github. That way, each session you start with a 'fresh sheet'. You have to pull from git and work from there. Then, for each day/session a small log is made. If we want to have an updated version of ano older project in it, we pull from the repository and later push to have 'update' it. 

This does seem to run in a small problem where, if we alter the code to make it fit specifically for one project, it might break on others in the future. Maybe we can use branches for that? But wouldn't it then get too specific? 
